# ZK Circuit Implementation
Designing a new zk SNARK circuit that implements some logical operations.
## Overview
This project implements a Zero-Knowledge Proof (ZKP) circuit using Circom, compiles the circuit, generates a proof with given inputs, deploys a Solidity verifier contract, and successfully verifies the proof on a  sepolia testnet.
This project demonstrates the steps required to create a ZKP circuit using Circom and verify it on the blockchain. The key tasks include:

1. Writing and implementing a ZKP circuit in Circom.
2. Compiling the circuit and generating circuit intermediaries.
3. Generating a proof using specified inputs A=0 and B=1.
4. Deploying a Solidity verifier contract to the Sepolia or Mumbai testnet.
5. Calling the verifyProof() method on the verifier contract and verifying that the proof is valid.
### Getting Started
### Install
`npm i`

### Compile
`npx hardhat circom` 
This will generate the **out** file with circuit intermediaries and geneate the **MultiplierVerifier.sol** contract

### Prove and Deploy
`npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts --network sepolia
`
This script does 4 things  
1. Deploys the MultiplierVerifier.sol contract
2. Generates a proof from circuit intermediaries with `generateProof()`
3. Generates calldata with `generateCallData()`
4. Calls `verifyProof()` on the verifier contract with calldata

With two commands you can compile a ZKP, generate a proof, deploy a verifier, and verify the proof 🎉

## Configuration
### Directory Structure
**circuits**
```
├── MyCircomCircuit
│   ├── circuit.circom
│   ├── input.json
│   └── out
│       ├── circuit.wasm
│       ├── MyCircomCircuit.r1cs
│       ├── MyCircomCircuit.vkey
│       └── MyCircomCircuit.zkey
├── new-circuit
└── powersOfTau28_hez_final_12.ptau
```
Each new circuit lives in it's own directory. At the top level of each circuit directory lives the circom circuit and input to the circuit.
The **out** directory will be autogenerated and store the compiled outputs, keys, and proofs. The Powers of Tau file comes from the Polygon Hermez ceremony, which saves time by not needing a new ceremony. 


**contracts**
```
contracts
└── MyCircomCircuitVerifier.sol
```
Verifier contracts are autogenerated and prefixed by the circuit name, in this example **MyCircomCircuit**

## hardhat.config.ts
```
  circom: {
    // (optional) Base path for input files, defaults to `./circuits/`
    inputBasePath: "./circuits",
    // (required) The final ptau file, relative to inputBasePath, from a Phase 1 ceremony
    ptau: "powersOfTau28_hez_final_12.ptau",
    // (required) Each object in this array refers to a separate circuit
    circuits: JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(circuits))
  },
```

**adding circuits**   
To add a new circuit, you can run the `newcircuit` hardhat task to autogenerate configuration and directories i.e  
```
npx hardhat newcircuit --name newcircuit
```

## Help 
 To deploy this network on any testnet (sepolia) you can have to add this line of code with your account and api key to your hardhat.config.ts :
   ```
     networks: {
    sepolia: {
      url: "https://eth-sepolia.g.alchemy.com/v2/your secret api key", // Replace with your Alchemy API key
      accounts: [""], // Replace with your Sepolia private key
    },
  }
   ```
## Authors 
Name -Ashish Kumar Saurav
Email -Id sauravashish.0000@gmail.com
